[EDITS]Copy to edit. (#378)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/edits/datagraph-managing-contracts.adoc

= Manage Contracts for Anypoint DataGraph
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> As an Anypoint DataGraph administrator, you can ensure that only authorized client applications can consume the unified schema. You grant access based on credentials and SLA tier.

Reviewer: What you have here is perfect; this is just an alternative:
```suggestion
As an Anypoint DataGraph administrator, you ensure that only authorized client applications can consume the unified schema by granting access based on specified user credentials and the SLA tier.
```

Client applications request access to the unified schema via Anypoint DataGraph. Approving access creates a contract between the client application and the unified schema for its environment, and registers the client application. Refer to xref:api-contracts-landing-page.adoc[Client Applications and Contracts] for more information.

== Anypoint DataGraph Contract Administration

> In API Manager, the DataGraph *Contracts* page lists client applications that have requested access, client applications you've approved, and client applications whose contracts you have revoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In API Manager, the DataGraph *Contracts* page lists client applications that have requested access, client applications you've approved, and client applications whose contracts you have revoked:
```
